docs(grid): Add Cell Selection documentation and revamp Selection articles (#2211)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-row-selection-in-column-template.md

---

> title: How to Select Row in the Grid when Using Grid Column Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to Select a Row in the Grid when Using Grid Column Template
```

description: Learn how to manage row selection in the Telerik Blazor Grid when using Grid Column Template.
type: how-to

> page_title: Select Row in the Grid when Using Grid Column Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Select a Row in the Grid when Using Grid Column Template
```

slug: grid-kb-row-selection-in-column-template
tags: grid, selection, templates
ticketid: 
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>Grid for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

This KB article answers the following question:

* How to use the rows selection but stop the selection from being triggered when the user clicks in another component, which is in the Grid column template?

## Solution

> When using the [Grid Column Template]({%slug grid-templates-column%}) and you want to stop the selection from being triggered when the user clicks in it, you should add the `@onclick:stopPropagation` directive to the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the [Grid Column Template]({%slug grid-templates-column%}) and want to stop the selection from triggering when the user clicks on the element rendered by the template, add the `@onclick:stopPropagation` directive to the element.
```

> >caption Prevent row selection from happening when the user clicks inside a template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Prevent row selection when the user clicks inside a template
```
